Add info for the new weather station (#77)
AssessingSolar/dtu_solar_station: docs/instrumentation.md

## Weather station

> On 2025-04-01, the weather station was replaced with a Lufft WS601-UMB Smart Weather Sensor. The weather station was initially placed on the same platform as the instruments, measuring at a height of approximately 50 m AMSL. On 2025-05-09, the weather station was installed on a 5m mast. It should be noted that the mast was placed on the roof of the DTU 119 building, so the height at which the measurements are taken is approximately 53 m AMSL. The same measurements were continued to be monitored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current weather station is a Lufft WS601-UMB Smart Weather Sensor, which started operation on 2025-04-01. The weather station was initially placed on the railing of the solar irradiance measurement platform. On 2025-05-09, the weather station was installed on a 6 m mast to the north of the platform on the roof of DTU Building 119.
The weather parameters therefore, do not follow the standard meteorological measurement practices (e.g.,
wind should be measured 10 m above ground level). The station is placed 53 m AMSL.
```
